[ADD] Referrals: new alerts doc (#9621)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/referrals/alerts.rst

======
Alerts
======

In the *Referrals* application, it is possible to post a message, also referred to as an *alert*, at
the top of the dashboard to share important information with users. These alerts appear as a thin

> semi-transparent banner, with the word :guilabel:`New!` appearing on the far left. The text for the
> alert is in the center of the banner, and on the far right side is an :guilabel:`X`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
semi-transparent banner, with the word :guilabel:`New!` appearing on the far left. The text for the
alert is in the center of the banner, and on the far right side is an :guilabel:`X`.
```
I would remove the last sentence. I think it's unnecessary to say where the text appears on the banner. The 'X' on the right side can be covered later in the documentation by an instruction telling the user how to dismiss the banner.

Alerts appear on the main dashboard for the specified time configured on the individual alert. If a
user does not wish to see a specific alert again, click the :guilabel:`X` in the far right side of

> the alert. This removes the alert from the dashboard and will not appear again, even when opening

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the alert. This removes the alert from the dashboard and prevents it from appearing again, even when opening
```

the *Referrals* application for the first time in a new session.

.. image:: alerts/alerts.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Two alert banners appear above the user's photo.

Create an alert
===============

Only users with :guilabel:`Administrator` rights for the *Recruitment* application can create

> alerts. To add a new alert, navigate to the :menuselection:`Referrals application --> Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alerts. To add a new alert, navigate to the :menuselection:`Referrals app --> Configuration
```

--> Alerts`.

> Click :guilabel:`Create` and a blank alert form loads. Enter the following information on the form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click :guilabel:`Create` to open a blank alert form. Enter the following information on the form:
```

> - :guilabel:`Date From`: the date the alert starts. On this date, the alert will be visible on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Date From`: the date the alert starts. On this date, the alert is visible on the
```

  dashboard.

> - :guilabel:`Date To`: the date the alert ends. After this date, the alert will be hidden from view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Date To`: the date the alert ends. After this date, the alert is hidden from view.
```

- :guilabel:`Company`: the current company populates this field by default. To modify the company
  the alert should be displayed for, select the company from the drop-down menu. If this field
  remains blank, the alert is visible to everyone with access to the *Referrals* application. If a

>   company is specified, only user's within that company (who also have access to the *Referrals*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  company is specified, only users within that company (who also have access to the *Referrals*
```

  application) will see the alert. This field only appears when in a multi-company database.
- :guilabel:`Alert`: enter the text for the alert. This message appears inside the alert banner on
  the main dashboard.
- :guilabel:`On Click`: there are three options for the alert. Click the radio button next to the
  desired selection. The options are:

  - :guilabel:`Not Clickable`: the alert only displays text, there is no link to click.

>   - :guilabel:`Go to All Jobs`: the alert contains a link that when clicked, navigates to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - :guilabel:`Go to All Jobs`: the alert contains a link that, when clicked, navigates to the
```

    website with all the currently posted job positions.

>   - :guilabel:`Specify URL`: the alert contains a link to a specific URL, that when clicked,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - :guilabel:`Specify URL`: the alert contains a link to a specific URL that, when clicked,
```

======
Alerts
======

In the *Referrals* application, it is possible to post a message, also referred to as an *alert*, at
the top of the dashboard to share important information with users.

> Alerts appear on the main dashboard for the specified time configured on the individual alert.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alerts remain on the *Referrals* dashboard for the specified amount of time configured on the individual alert.
```

.. image:: alerts/alerts.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Two alert banners appear above the user's photo.

Create an alert
===============

> Only users with :guilabel:`Administrator` rights for the *Recruitment* application can create

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Only users with *Administrator* access rights for the *Recruitment* application can create
```
italics should be used since the element being mentioned is being shown/seen on the screen at this time.

alerts. To add a new alert, navigate to the :menuselection:`Referrals app --> Configuration -->
Alerts`.

> Click :guilabel:`Create` to open a blank alert form. Enter the following information on the form:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click :guilabel:`New` to open a blank alert form. Enter the following information on the form:
```

- :guilabel:`Date From`: the date the alert starts. On this date, the alert is visible on the
  dashboard.
- :guilabel:`Date To`: the date the alert ends. After this date, the alert is hidden from view.

> - :guilabel:`Company`: the current company populates this field by default. To modify the company

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Company`: the current company populates this field, by default. To modify the company
```
SUGGESTION: added comma for enhanced sentence flow/clarity

>   the alert should be displayed for, select the company from the drop-down menu. If this field
>   remains blank, the alert is visible to everyone with access to the *Referrals* application. If a
>   company is specified, only users within that company (who also have access to the *Referrals*
>   application) will see the alert. This field only appears when in a multi-company database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  the alert should be displayed for, select the desired company from the drop-down menu in this field.
  
  If this field remains blank, the alert is visible to everyone with access to the *Referrals* application.
  
  If a company is specified, only users within that company (who also have access to the *Referrals*
  application) see the alert. This field **only** appears when in a multi-company database.
```

- :guilabel:`Alert`: enter the text for the alert. This message appears inside the alert banner on

>   the main dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  the main *Referrals* dashboard.
```

- :guilabel:`On Click`: there are three options for the alert. Click the radio button next to the
  desired selection. The options are:

  - :guilabel:`Not Clickable`: the alert only displays text, there is no link to click.
  - :guilabel:`Go to All Jobs`: the alert contains a link that, when clicked, navigates to the

>     website with all the currently posted job positions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    website with all the job positions that are currently posted.
```
OPTIONAL: slight rewording of this portion of the sentence for enhanced sentence clarity

  - :guilabel:`Specify URL`: the alert contains a link to a specific URL that, when clicked,
    navigates to that URL. When selected, a :guilabel:`URL` field appears below the :guilabel:`On

>     Click` section. Enter the URL in the field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Click` section. Enter the desired URL in that field.
```

.. image:: alerts/alert-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: An alert form completely filled in with all selections entered.

Dismiss an alert
================

> It is possible to dismiss an alert if a user does not wish to see a specific alert again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is possible to dismiss an alert, if a user does not wish to see a specific alert again.
```
SUGGESTION: added comma for enhanced sentence flow/clarity

> Click the :icon:`fa-times` icon on the far right side of the alert to remove the alert from the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To dismiss an alert, click the :icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`(x)` icon on the far-right side of the alert to remove the alert from the
```

Author: I agree with everything but the gulabel, since the times icon is an X- so it's just a bilder X next to a bold X, so I don't htink  it's needed.

  application) see the alert. This field **only** appears when in a multi-company database.
- :guilabel:`Alert`: enter the text for the alert. This message appears inside the alert banner on
  the main *Referrals* dashboard.
- :guilabel:`On Click`: there are three options for the alert. Click the radio button next to the
  desired selection. The options are:

  - :guilabel:`Not Clickable`: the alert only displays text, there is no link to click.
  - :guilabel:`Go to All Jobs`: the alert contains a link that, when clicked, navigates to the
    website with all the job positions that are currently posted.
  - :guilabel:`Specify URL`: the alert contains a link to a specific URL that, when clicked,
    navigates to that URL. When selected, a :guilabel:`URL` field appears below the :guilabel:`On
    Click` section. Enter the desired URL in that field.

.. image:: alerts/alert-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: An alert form completely filled in with all selections entered.

Dismiss an alert
================

It is possible to dismiss an alert, if a user does not wish to see a specific alert again.

> To dismiss an alert, click the :icon:`fa-times` icon on the far-right side of the alert to remove
> the alert from the dashboard.

Reviewer 3: Icon label :)
```suggestion
To dismiss an alert, click the :icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`(remove)` icon on the far-right side of
the alert to remove the alert from the dashboard.
```
